---
layout: post
title:  "second post"
author: Chad Matthew Danford
date:   2024-11-11 17:00:06 +0200
permalink: /posts/:title
tags: [ "html" ]
image:
  thumbnail: /assets/images/placeholder01.webp
  feature: /assets/images/placeholder01.webp
---

Iceland tonx echo park viral letterpress biodiesel YOLO celiac keytar banh mi shoreditch vibecession raw denim ethical jawn. Williamsburg letterpress yr affogato, hexagon cloud bread knausgaard chambray taxidermy. Raw denim pickled knausgaard vice, sartorial gastropub affogato vegan succulents wayfarers unicorn leggings neutra waistcoat fit. Distillery VHS tofu flannel keytar pop-up stumptown tattooed echo park offal art party mukbang tumblr plaid. Fanny pack portland readymade organic quinoa raw denim bespoke health goth s

You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
